no, we're shit is going to be clear
shit now because he's me
my beginning hello youtube i speak
Although they play the same as mine
Last stop says many of them
opinion is he must definitely
do again
hello hello my video is just easy
Farmer entertaining the beginning Hello
that does not really matter at all
simple box with me I play this
now just as if
Nothing happened, so to speak, here on
the one resort
then you have then the image of the
fabian siegismund seen no there is coming
an old one I did not get him
So again, I'll do one more now
new recording mobile just because I
for me the beginning always gone category
namely happen everywhere because I always
thank goodness old how could that be
Do not happen but talk out because of me
also have happy newton takes and
then again score the best records
boring from hama
that's why my next two minutes
long lessing I hang one now
hand there are no shit makes
Spanier came so I find the ak you
Did she play really well ?
Better to be good
last played by alone
Not only is not it just me not only
Seriously , it really is one
Phenomenon that is the purest chaos
to divert that I'm 18
I always do that no adam me
noon and so a enlightenment trend micro
blog
you can not move on the map
all other walls and so I think so
much worse that the enlightener so
that the sniper is somehow on the ass of
world somehow fight around and his
team to make a prince
that is normal but it is always normal
I hard so I do not play as
sniper not like that and now the best
I am original on the other side
I'm curious that I would be with you
I would come a bit
support here yes I will from
all sides closed at coded beautiful
word reported
until 18 you get me I got this
game
and who can not jump over it?
I can not survive this
it is three times as high as walls
and against butt no at the table
comes over jeske old age distribution
By the way, I am talking about white 51
Five shit 1 is really good always
not play with me again it is
exactly the other way with you should play
Either totally old or it
is running and somehow not there at all
really said somehow hammer come
I probably do not know if I am myself
because that prince and her whether the said
or so it can be so
sometimes that i got up in the beginning
when I started with youtube
I have no live recordings you have
was not the first of the ddr until now
all but I got you this was that
Game is just shit and here
especially the bush where you can not
comes over 8 o'clock is now ok
Now it's okay and there is one
Write a book calls him after that is one
hedge exactly
there are two jokes again
that would have been so nice those were
right above me oh the goods
can you get it all out so no need
I 've got one last time
I almost have a title fuck
I have so yes I have only
censored
yes I see you I see you I come
then 15 years upwards but above
are careful
I do not come here again a ridge
where I do not come up that's it
no problem
but the problem very nice very nice
Great already not always help
I'm only on the whole time
kit
munich no that was not nice
So for him modulated so I have
the feeling you somewhere at the same time but so
really hardcore moderately no there are
again no opponent they are
again in front
Really you think it will be a very strong one
cut together this time
So I can talk about my setup ourselves
Do not complain I do not have it outside
with me here or there, then I have
about the complete cover with the
title you ass I'm so beautiful
sneaking there fact how much does he eat
because the colleague
but mitgedpielt maps again so far
more time
it does not get any worse than that
there is still shit on board
In any case, number 1 of the fucking
maps milan is definitely two
from the fucking maps still reluctant it
honestly, not that bad
did you all like to play
you play everything anyway so happy
logically, that's the ghosts relationship
Sometimes it's exciting for me
an old that did not air so I
have not been big for a long time
played more the last time we have
always black ops 2 played the
we have to make party games fun
he record a follow along in
Previous year
So far, you 've been there
where the films already had the whole thing
shut down again
no, that's not possible
there is no such thing no there is no
really not without joke he tells
that's no i do not run around what was
that was just the way it was here
close in Germany may be so
a bit hip so on Mondays
although a bit upset when it does
sometimes it does not work out or it does
not equal rating so ratings is with
for me if so full of what yes
Great tactics seems to be his last words
see again what channel to watch
is linked to me in the video
description and maybe there's so
cut the video of that together
all between with him
well, but it still has time to
next time